---
publishDate: 2024-07-13T13:52:43.765Z
lastUpdated: 2024-07-13T13:57:54.839Z
draft: false
archive: false
---

It has been six month when I last published the [now page](https://dhrjarun.com/now/2024-01-20) and it was my first now page. Right now every day of mine are same. I wake around 7 AM, begin working by 8 or 8:30 AM. Working on a project called Dredge well I stole the name from a game, liked playing it only for a night but the name stucked with me. I have been working on it for 4 months now on and off.

2 weeks ago, I made the commitment to work on it every day 4.5 hours, 7 days a week for 6 weeks. During the second week I fall sick and was not able to work for the entire week. Now I am back on track, trying to work three sessions of 1.5 hour each on it. 2 sessions before lunch another one after having a nap.

Hoping that I'll complete the first version of the project in 5 weeks from now on. If everything went well, I will launch Dredge by 15 August 2024. That's when I might be updating this page once again.

That was all about the primary task of mine, secondary task for now is to write blogs in the evening. Thinking about improving my writing and speaking skills. It is terrible...

Now about entertainment, few weeks back, I used to watch The office(US) -- loved the couple of initial seasons, but right now I have lost on it. I used to play Elden Ring to ease my pain when I got sick. Before that I beat Sekiro took me a month i guess. Yeah! this year I played a lot of  video games, but now for till 15th August I am not gonna indulge in such luxury.

Right now, if I get times to spare, I watch few minutes of episode from The Scavenger Reign or The blue eye samurai..
