---
publishDate: 2024-01-11
lastUpdated: 2024-01-11
draft: false
archive: false
---

I am Dhiraj. If you are wondering about the meaning of “Dhiraj”, it means Patience. However, from my years of observation and other’s observations on me “dhiraj” doesn’t seem to reflect much of my personality. At the end of the day I do like being referred by it. If you want you can also call me by “Arun” 
actually I would love that.

Well, what can I say about me, I haven’t yet achevied anything substantial to brag about. Although i am in the process of that. For the time being I could tell you about my experences, things I loved, I had fun with. Things I am good at.

## Drawing

Let start with my childhood, I was good with drawings, at least better than my classmates. Later i studied and practiced figure drawing. I had fun drawing beautiful models within in a minute or less its called gesture drawing where you have to get the essence of pose in a few strokes.
Then I became obssessed with perspective drawing, I love it the most, perhaps because of its scientific nature. Every day I used to sketch cars, bikes or any machines I could find. I still can’t draw like Scott Robertson even after devoting a considerable amount of time to it. Right now I am not into drawing; I like to say "I abandoned her for bunch of zeroes and ones" some day I find myself feeling so much love for her that I could not stop myself sketching cars or bike again. May be one day I would come back to her.

## Animation

Do you know about a video series called ["Animator vs Animation"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npTC6b5-yvM). This guy called [Alan Becker](https://www.youtube.com/@alanbecker) back in 2006(I found it much later in 2017-18) made a video where he animated a stick figure drawing on a computer. Go see it if you haven't. I loved it so much that I wanted to make my own stick figure animation. This led me to drawing a lot of stick figures learning the 12 principle of animation, phyiscs of animation. I did made some of it. But this thing is so much of work require sheer patience. I was too impatient for giving hours for 1 second of clip. I remember thinking a lot, imagining stories, characters, fight sequences, environment, had a lot of ideas but can’t implement them hence the end of my animation journey.

## Electronics

Like every kid, I was quite interested into electronics. I can’t tell you how much I wanted to know about how a remote control system work? I think this feeling of mine define the word “curiosity” for me. As a kid, I used to borrow other's phone and search “how remote control circuit works”, “how to build a RF circuit”. Just few months back, when I was taking a break from computers for a month, this curiosity rose up and I found myself learning the physics of RF. I have done this so many times.

Due to this, when I got access to internet in grade V. I found myself into studying electronics from [allaboutcircuits.com](http://allaboutcircuits.com). At that time, I did completed DC, AC and semiconductor section of the book.

Well, I even made few videos on it after learning. you could watch some of it. some videos are private(Which I can’t make public, since I lost my password and recovery phone). I am too embarrassed to share this though I had worst voice and I can’t bear watching myself speak.

## Computers & Internet

I vividly remember my first encounter with computer, I think it in 1st grade (I suppose that’s when computer was began to taught in my school). In Fifth, I got the proper acquaintance with it when I bought a Dell laptop. Everyday after school, I used to dig into it, but soon got bored of it. I had tried all the usual 'MS Word', 'Excel' stuff — and it was no fun anymore. So I got myself a slow internet connection and now fun had returned once again. Don’t you think without internet computer is of little use or should I say it’s like spider without its web.

Internet in my life came as WhatsApp, YouTube and porn of course. I remember a video, in it Jordan Peterson said, in 21th century, a 13 years old kid with a phone could see more beautiful naked women in 15 minutes than the richest king in the history would seen in their entire life. Isn’t its also true, that today a peasant’s son has so much information at his disposal that a 15th century scholar even if he is a son of some rich aristocrat could ever get his hands on and all this because of internet.

After internet, I stopped asking questions to teacher or my parents, all i used to do is search on internet. I remember quite a few instance which led to this where everybody failed to resolve my issue but found my answer on internet. Its a blessing for introvert like me.

## Programming

Let me tell you a funny story. I came across something called ‘c language’ in 2016, i imagined it to be related with ‘c drive’ in windows, thought I would be able to hack into computer since ‘c drive’ holds system and application data. That made by mind to learn c language. Searching for `C` language on google land me on [cprogramming.com](http://cprogramming.com) and from there I learned the basic of computer language — variable, if else, loops, function. I had no ideas what to do with ‘c’, later I explored java, python, then in 2020 I went into web development and this marked the serious phase of programming for me.

